how'd you like to come and see the world
with me you mean it it is my absolute
honor to introduce to you the first ever
world lamprey tell the Queen
funny writers see at the race yes you
will see Francesco like this
he is so getting beat tomorrow
it's Americans of Lily master spies this
cannot be to see America look at ladies
mater's then again funky extremely Donna
trim Finn McMissile
British intelligence no maybe average
intelligence McQueen and Francesco tool
for that inside line as they head toward
the first turn Lightning McQueen can not
win the race instead of saying as a
child he's gonna go kaboom but we need
your help mater you know I'm just a toto
it's his cover
brilliant am I missing something no one
realizes they're being fooled because
they're too busy laughing at the fool
that how you see me
that's so everyone sees you isn't that
the idea hater I'm sticking by you the
way you always stick mommy oh can you
clear don't you get it
Gatling gun request acknowledged
fight me a German drunk quest
acknowledged check it out
I'm wearing mater Hoosier make me a
monster truck request acknowledged